[Pages] Functions are not in Beta (#9499)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/pages/platform/known-issues.md

- By default, Cloudflare uses Node `12.18.0` in the Pages build environment. If you need to use a newer Node version, refer to the [Build configuration page](/pages/platform/build-configuration/) for configuration options.

> - For users migrating from Netlify, Cloudflare does not support Netlify's Forms feature. An [equivalent](/pages/platform/functions/) to Netlify's Serverless Functions is available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- For users migrating from Netlify, Cloudflare does not support Netlify's Forms feature. [Pages Functions](/pages/platform/functions/) are available as an equivalent to Netlify's Serverless Functions.
```

Author: Thanks!!
